---
title: Week 15
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-15/
source-id: 1oX_iWm7_RwAnYRS5byJ-kITkQ3DDjsS4xPlCl_CRAB8
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>15  lessons and only a few left</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>completion of all work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To help as many people as I could.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For this lesson, like the  last few week's, I was set the task of going round and helping others with thier codecadamy courses on python. I helped 7-8 different people with minor issues and typo errors. Generally these errors were syntax based (spelling) rather than logic based so it won't be long untill there will be another who has also completed the work early. I spent the second half of the lesson talking to Mr Keen about project Insite and Project Leviathan which are both about my upcoming console release. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The only factor which limited my learning was that I had completed the codecadamy course for homework so I had nothing constructive  to do in the lesson. Also I was set no other work so this just accumulated to me not really doing anything constructive this  lesson. I also spent a good portion of the lesson talking to Mr Keen  about our console project which I have begun making the operating system for.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Hopefully next lesson someone will have completed thier codecadamy course and we will be able to collaborate in a project or something along those lines. For next week, I am going to continue writing a python script (a four player battleships game with multiple ships)  which I began in the lesson and didn't get round to completing.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


