---
title: Week 12
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-12/
source-id: 1FwShglVYHScujO3vBD7UZVJlza_jTLH-LeUOEgsgW0k
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>One lesson, homework and a big head start...</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>One lesson, homework and a big head start...</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete the course </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For our second lesson we were just allowed to get on with it, no interruptions or distractions so me completing 3 sections (43 exercises) would be no surprise. I completed the course and I am now working on the battleships project for homework. The code wasn't very difficult just monotonous and took time. Others have started to catch up with my progress so I won't be the only one working on the extra challenges next lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As stated before, I had no distractions or interruptions so I could just do it. I spent 10 minutes of the lesson helping others which helped cement my knowledge (but most of the issues could be solved with a Google search or 5 minutes of problem solving!) so I believe that I did well in this lesson. I did spend 5 minutes of the lesson talking to Mr Keen about the correct uses of Java and Objective C, C# & C++. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We will not have a lesson next week so I will just have to complete the battleships for homework. I will make some more progress on my ios game ("The Racing Revolution") which (in my mind) counts towards learning or practicing programming. If you want more information on this, check out the TinyTech Computer website or see the about section.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


