---
title: Week 16
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-16/
source-id: 1-ygVD4Xj0KE524xdLvIEPzLyVto5OZTusk50eALgiVQ
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>16 lessons completed and only a few left</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>completion of all work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To streamline my reworked battleships program</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson I deceided that I would rework the battleships game in the codecadamy course as I saw places where it could have been improved. In an hour I managed to add 3 ships onto the board, extend the board to 10 x 10, up the shots to 12 (so 12 in a 100 chance of getting one of the ships) and improve the dialog. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The only factor which limited my learning was that I had completed the codecadamy course for homework so I had nothing constructive  to do in the lesson. Also I was set no other work so this just accumulated to me not really doing anything constructive this  lesson. I also spent a good portion of the lesson working on a DDOL system (for an upcoming game) which would allow players from around the world to be connected to a single streamlined lobby without any latency.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Hopefully next lesson someone will have completed thier codecadamy course and we will be able to collaborate in a project or something along those lines. For next week, I am going to continue writing a python script (a four player battleships game with multiple ships)  which I began in the lesson and didn't get round to completing.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


