---
title: Week 6
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-6/
source-id: 13Bey1qYQiTgdQ1vblk1LM-V-mfc2ZlVjyX1-AS9XhUQ
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Week 6</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>19/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>completed 1.5</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to complete section 1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>very nearly...</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Firstly, like last lesson, Mr Ampah-Korsah look at our blogs and evaluated them to see if we had made an improvement. Seeing as my point for improvement was just to write more in week 2 I didn't really have much to do. We then began the lesson properly and we started doing 1.6 which was the start of binary (well sort of) it was binary in the sense that we were telling coordinates of pixels to be on or off (1 or 0).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson me and Peter got on fine and we managed to complete a lot in the lesson. This may have been due to the fact that last lesson we had an extra person who slowed down our progress and complicated things. Seeing as we are doing binary now I am now fine with the keyboard and the language and things should only be getting better as we move on in the coming weeks.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson we shall be starting work on programming lights with binary with a separate kit we need to collect from Mr Ampah-Korsah at the beginning of next lessons work period.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


