---
title: Week 11
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-11/
source-id: 1WyhCEunEA0cQWcMNbhBPlSjDKNA25e-8331cLiORNfY
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Week 11</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>18/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>a finished course on Fuse basic and some previous knowledge on the python syntax.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to complete section four</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>yes, and more.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This was our first lesson this year with Mr Keen, so I tried to get as much done as possible. We are going to be working on learning python 2 in codecadamy (pronounced code-academy)and then we will be set some challenges and projects to complete using the python 3 syntax and a separate Editor. To be honest, a few weeks before this lesson I was trying to create a bootleger system (basic dual login system with password encryption…) for my custom OS (See the 'my projects page' at the top of my blog) and I considered python as it uses a simple print command which would work with the kernel but it didn't work. When I was experimenting I used codecadamy to try and learn some of the logic and when I learned that we would be learning python I continued my previous efforts and I am now on 5.2...</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Seeing as we are just following a course there isn't much that can hinder my progress. If I get stuck all I need to do is to go back and read the info on that section or just utilitise a tool called ‘google’ rather than ask others. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For homework I hope to complete section 5 and be well into section 6 so I can get onto something more interesting in coming weeks as I am not far off completion.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


