---
title: Week 5
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-5/
source-id: 1IJgHKgZaooW1uqWrHskDj74TVIXaqt0g6bzz-NuA9EI
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Week 5</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>19/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>completed 1.4</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to complete 1.5 </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>iDid I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson we were joined by Milen Kortman as his partner was ill and he couldn't figure something out (advanced variables with $) and we were both on the same section 1.5 so there you are. In this lesson we all got on well and we completed the section and began to make progress on 1.6 before the lesson ended. At the beginning of the lesson Mr Ampha Korsa looked at our blogs (like this one) and gave us points for improvement, mine was to write more whereas others had to redo thier entire scss files.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>with three of us, we had to divide the ten minute sessions in each job by three which meant less time on each which made it less interesting. I am getting better at typing on the fusebox keyboard but I still can't touch type without making mistakes which is something I still need to work on. Next week we should be starting binary which will be a welcome break from python (fuse, same thing… Mostly!) and will be easier for me to type as it's mostly just 1 and 0 with a few brackets here and there.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time hopefully it will just be me and Peter so we can get More done before the term ends in five lessons time. Peter is now understandibg the language more now (now I've explained) and so that should be viable.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


