---
title: Week 10
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-10/
source-id: 1tIMvtJDquHBtXeCwNFJUhc59j74INJjl5WZy-VSaLpQ
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Week 9</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>18/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Started section two</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to complete half of section two</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This was our last lesson of the spring term so I tried to get as far as I could. I managed to complete section to and began to work on the ECK (Electronic Component Kit) which was more interesting than what I have been doing the past few weeks. To counter my efforts however, Peter was away in France on the French exchange which meant that I was working alone so I had to read from the book and program at the same time (which in some ways was easier).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson there were no distractions so I could get alot done. On the other hand there was only one person working not two so when something went wrong (ECK pins in wrong place) there was only me to try and resolve the issue.  Another diificulty was the fact that the instruction manual wasnt very clear about where each pin should go on the breadboard so you basically had to guess where each pin should go. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson (after the easter break) we will be starting Python which based upon the same architecture but should be more interesting. Previously I have comp.eted a Codecadamy course on it but over the holidays I may redo it just to remind myself on the basic syanx of the programmikng language.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


