---
title: Week 8
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-8/
source-id: 1NRtmw8-UOKobPZj0RCGL3SR7AOU76iScKD8Uw9f1S14
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>11/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>completed section one</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to complete half of section two</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>no</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Unlike all our other lessons, we did not begin with Mr Ampah-Korsah checking our blogs. This was due to the fact that he was away and it was Mr keen taking our lesson. This meant that we could get straight into work. This lesson we just "over complicated" our last assessment which then lead to a huge error which I then had to fix (because we have to change at least twice a lesson). This severely slowed our progress but hopefully next week we can catch up with those who are excelling ahead.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Like always, me and Peter were working fine with no arguments or hindrances to stop our progress. No-one joined our group, so it was just us this lesson which is good because it makes us more productive. The over-complicating we encountered was a drawback but the end product was far better than the books MVP (minimum viable product) which we were supposed to achieve. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson we shall be starting work on programming lights with binary with a separate kit we need to collect from Mr Ampah-Korsah at the beginning of next lessons work period. We will also avoid any over complications so we can start getting onto something more interesting before the term ends. In two lessons time Peter will be going to France so it will just be me on my own.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


