---
title: Week 9
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-9/
source-id: 16N9PIhI5xwHAPDTHmGYHc8O7p4UGdyP3wE_iM_vKzEM
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Week 9</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>18/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Started section two</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to complete half of section two</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson we started straight away and we began by troubleshooting one of our old pieces of code from last week (we discovered it didn't work after accidently loading the wrong file). After that we began our work and it went well with no hindrances or issues. We completed a lot and managed to get quite far before the lesson finished. Whilst we were experimenting with the broken code, I found that if we left a certain variable on a loop, the screen would display random numbers in stencil font and the background would change colour which didn't make any sense because the variable and the paper were not connected.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Like always, me and Peter were working fine with no arguments or hindrances to stop our progress. No-one joined our group, so it was just us this lesson which is good because it makes us more productive. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I shall be starting work on programming lights with binary with a separate kit I need to collect from Mr Ampah-Korsah at the beginning of next lessons work period. I will also avoid any over complications so I can start getting onto something more interesting before the term ends. This was my last lesson with Peter this term as he is away in France next week so I should be able to get alot done as I can just copy from the book without confusion. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


