---
title: Week 14
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-14/
source-id: 1k3R3lQ5wqvToP1bsBFYohVG_G16RZG6EV_2RYH-HQvY
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>14 lessons and a new project</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>18/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>completion of all work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To help as many people as I could.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For this lesson, like last week's, I was set the task of going round and helping others with thier codecadamy courses on python. I helped 7-8 different people with minor issues and typo errors. Generally these errors were syntax based (spelling) rather than logic based so it won't be long untill there will be another who has also completed the work early. I spent the second half of the lesson talking to Mr Keen about project Insite and Project Leviathan which are both about my upcoming console release. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The only factor which limited my learning was that I had completed the codecadamy course for homework so I had nothing condstructive  to do in the lesson. Also I was set no other work so this just accumulated to me not really doing anything constructive lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Hopefully next lesson someone will have completed thier codecadamy course and we will be able to collaborate in a project or something along those lines. For next week, I am going to set up a virtual machine (on my personal Imac at home) with Ubuntu Linux which I can begin to alter and modify  it so I can call my own.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


