---
title: Week 7
layout: post
author: benjamin.watkinson
permalink: /week-7/
source-id: 1wNEWEqXPqYDDqi5H3nks5umCJfeeS9K7hoP97-Ph5VI
published: true
---
	

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>04/03/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>completed all but one assessments in section 1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>to complete half of section two</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>no</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Firstly, like last  few lessons, Mr Ampah-Korsah looked at our blogs and evaluated them to see how we have improved from the last few weeks. I have sorted the few small rendering issues (css  files not recognising html variables) and I am writing more so I am back on Track. We continued of of what we had completed in the previous week (one assessment) and began working on section two which is more of the same with basic binary functions and number based basic algorithms, here it is easy to see the ties with python which uses more or less the same system. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Like always, me and Peter were working fine with no arguments or hindrances to stop our progress. No-one joined our group, so it was just us this lesson which is good because it makes us more productive. I still struggle to go from programming in c# (c-sharp) and C++ in unity at the weekend to programming in python (which is based on java) in lessons the next day. This was even more apparent this lesson as my mind had gone black remembering how the language worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson we shall be starting work on programming lights with binary with a separate kit we need to collect from Mr Ampah-Korsah at the beginning of next lessons work period.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


